Specifies the CRDT used for Gossiping in Consensus (#822)
cometbft/cometbft: spec/consensus/gossip/README.md

This specification is divided into multiple documents and should be read in the following order:

- [layers.md](layers.md): describes the architecture used in CometBFT and where this specification is focused;
- [crdt.md](crdt.md): explains the rationale of using a CRDT in the gossiping and defines the CRDT used, SSE;

> - [sse.qnt](sse.qnt): Quint spec of our ;

Author: ```suggestion
- [sse.qnt](sse.qnt): Quint spec with example instantiations of the proposed CRDT;
```
